Plain Chiffon Peacock

medium

# Uniswap V2 Price Manipulation Vulnerability in getTokenPrice Function

## Summary

A potential vulnerability has been identified in the `getTokenPrice` function of a smart contract interacting with the Uniswap V2 liquidity pool. This vulnerability is related to price manipulation due to the method of calculating token prices based solely on current pool reserves without considering historical data.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `getTokenPrice` function calculates the price of a specified token (`lookupToken_`) using the current reserves in the Uniswap V2 pool. It lacks a mechanism to mitigate price manipulation attacks, such as using Time-Weighted Average Price (TWAP). This makes the function vulnerable to exploitation by attackers who can manipulate the pool's reserves momentarily to influence the returned price. The function is marked as `external` and `view`, indicating it can be freely called without gas costs and could be used as a data source in other parts of the system.

## Impact

The vulnerability poses a significant risk as it allows for the artificial inflation or deflation of token prices. This can be exploited for financial gain or to destabilize the market. Since the function can be used by other parts of the system, the impact could be widespread, affecting various components relying on accurate price information.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus-BradMoonUESTC/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/UniswapV2PoolTokenPrice.sol#L306-L384
```solidity
function getTokenPrice(
 address lookupToken_,
 uint8 outputDecimals_,
 bytes calldata params_
 ) external view returns (uint256) {
   ...
}
```

## Tool used

Metatrust's Metascan Experimental Engine For Logic bugs Automated detection (metatrust.io)
This issue is a test for proving our capability.

## Recommendation

To mitigate this vulnerability, it is recommended to implement a TWAP mechanism to calculate the average price over a set period. This would reduce the impact of momentary price fluctuations due to reserve manipulation. Additionally, further security audits and testing are advised to ensure the robustness of the price calculation method and the overall system security.