Plain Chiffon Peacock

medium

# Decimal Place Mismatch Vulnerability in Smart Contract Price Calculation

## Summary

A vulnerability exists in the `getTokenPriceFromWeightedPool` function of a smart contract, which fails to account for decimal differences between the `lookupToken_` and the `destinationToken`, as well as the `outputDecimals_` specified by the user. This oversight can lead to incorrect price calculations.

## Vulnerability Detail

The core issue lies in the handling of decimal places in the price calculation within the `getTokenPriceFromWeightedPool` function. The function retrieves the price of the `destinationToken` using `_PRICE().getPrice()`. However, it does not adjust this price to match the decimal places of the `lookupToken_` or the user-specified `outputDecimals_`. This lack of adjustment can lead to significant discrepancies in the calculated price, especially when the `lookupToken_` and `destinationToken` have different decimal precisions.

## Impact

This vulnerability can result in financial inaccuracies in trading, accounting, or other financial operations that rely on the calculated prices. It could potentially lead to financial losses or exploitations in systems using this contract for price-dependent features.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus-BradMoonUESTC/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/BalancerPoolTokenPrice.sol#L658-L666
```solidity
function getTokenPriceFromWeightedPool(
    address lookupToken_,
    uint8 outputDecimals_,
    bytes calldata params_
) external view returns (uint256) {
    ...
    try _PRICE().getPrice(currentToken, PRICEv2.Variant.CURRENT) returns (
        uint256 currentPrice,
        uint48 timestamp
    ) {
        destinationTokenIndex = i;
        destinationTokenPrice = currentPrice;
    } catch (bytes memory) {
        continue;
    }
    ...
}
```

## Tool used

Metatrust's Metascan Experimental Engine For Logic bugs Automated detection
(metatrust.io)
This issue a test for proving our capability

## Recommendation

The recommended fix involves adjusting the `destinationTokenPrice` to align with the `outputDecimals_` before performing the price ratio calculation. Additionally, the final `lookupTokenUsdPrice` should be scaled back to match the decimal precision of the `lookupToken_`. This adjustment ensures the accuracy of the price calculation, maintaining financial integrity and preventing vulnerabilities due to decimal place mismatches.