Plain Chiffon Peacock

medium

# Smart Contract Decimal Vulnerability in `getReservesRatio` Function

## Summary

A significant vulnerability was identified in the `getReservesRatio` function of a smart contract. This flaw stems from the function's handling of decimal values for tokens, which can result in incorrect calculations of the reserves ratio.

## Vulnerability Detail

The original `getReservesRatio` function incorrectly calculates the reserves ratio by only considering the decimal value of `token0`. This approach is problematic when `token0` and `token1` have different decimal values. The flaw lies in the lack of normalization for the reserves of both tokens to the same decimal scale before computing the ratio. This oversight can lead to miscalculations in the reserves ratio, affecting the function's accuracy and reliability.

## Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is significant, as it can lead to incorrect financial calculations within the smart contract. This can affect the integrity of transactions and potentially lead to financial losses or exploitation.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus-BradMoonUESTC/blob/main/bophades/src/libraries/UniswapV3/BunniHelper.sol#L47-L55
```solidity
function getReservesRatio(BunniKey memory key_, BunniLens lens_) public view returns (uint256) {
 IUniswapV3Pool pool = key_.pool;
 uint8 token0Decimals = ERC20(pool.token0()).decimals();

 (uint112 reserve0, uint112 reserve1) = lens_.getReserves(key_);
 (uint256 fee0, uint256 fee1) = lens_.getUncollectedFees(key_);

 return (reserve1 + fee1).mulDiv(10 ** token0Decimals, reserve0 + fee0);
}
```

## Tool used

Metatrust's Metascan Experimental Engine For Logic bugs Automated detection (metatrust.io). This issue serves as a test for proving the capability of the tool in detecting logic-related bugs in smart contracts.

## Recommendation

To address this vulnerability, it is recommended to modify the `getReservesRatio` function to consider the decimal values of both `token0` and `token1`. The reserves for both tokens should be normalized to the same decimal scale before calculating the ratio. Implementing this change will ensure accurate and reliable computations of the reserves ratio in the smart contract.