Gorgeous White Porpoise

high

# Use totalSupply to get the total supply of a specific pool

## Summary
[AuraBalancerSupply.sol#_getReserves](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/SPPLY/submodules/AuraBalancerSupply.sol#L332#L362) use `totalSupply` to get the total supply of the specific pool without check the type of the pool。

According to Balancer [document](https://docs.balancer.fi/concepts/advanced/valuing-bpt/valuing-bpt.html#getting-bpt-supply):
>In general, totalSupply only makes sense to call for older "legacy" pools. The original Weighted and Stable Pools do not have pre-minted BPT, so they follow the typical convention of using totalSupply to account for issued pool shares。

## Vulnerability Detail
Let's take a pool from a production environment `aura finance` which contains  DAI/USDC/USDT as an example:
Rewards contract address:[0x5f56f75c427f8819aea6ec8e71a46a5c3b2455fb](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5f56f75c427f8819aea6ec8e71a46a5c3b2455fb)
Rewards depositor contract address:[0xb188b1cb84fb0ba13cb9ee1292769f903a9fec59](https://etherscan.io/address/0xb188b1cb84fb0ba13cb9ee1292769f903a9fec59)
Balancer LP token address:[0xd5d99b7e9697ba8bb1da48f07ba81900c7572cea](https://etherscan.io/address/0xd5d99b7e9697ba8bb1da48f07ba81900c7572cea)

The function `getAutualSupply` in above pool return the effective BPT supply. In other pools, this would be the same as `totalSupply`, but there are two key differences here: - this pool pre-mints BPT and holds it in the Vault as a token, and as such we need to subtract the Vault's balance to get the total "circulating supply". This is called the 'virtualSupply'. 

 the Pool owes debt to the Protocol in the form of unminted BPT, which will be minted immediately before the next join or exit. We need to take these into account since, even if they don't yet exist, they will effectively be included in any Pool operation that involves BPT. 

In the vast majority of cases, this function should be used instead of `totalSupply()`.  calling this function within a Vault context (i.e. in the middle of a join or an exit) is potentially unsafe, since the returned value is manipulable. It is up to the caller to ensure safety. This is because this function calculates the invariant, which requires the state of the pool to be in sync with the state of the Vault. That condition may not be true in the middle of a join or an exit. To call this function safely, attempt to trigger the reentrancy guard in the Vault by calling a non-reentrant function before calling `getActualSupply`. That will make the transaction revert in an unsafe context. (See `whenNotInVaultContext` in `ComposableStablePoolRates`). See https://forum.balancer.fi/t/reentrancy-vulnerability-scope-expanded/4345 for reference.

And when invoke [AuraBalancerSupply.sol#addPool](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/SPPLY/submodules/AuraBalancerSupply.sol#L259#L277) to add a new pool only exist 3 checks:
- Don't add address 0
- Check that the pool isn't already added
- Check that the aura pool is for the associated balancer pool unless it is blank

## Impact
If we invoke `totalSupply` without check the type of pool will result in return incorrect value 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/SPPLY/submodules/AuraBalancerSupply.sol#L332#L362
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
when add a new pool we need to check the pool don't have pre-minted BPT。