Huge Burlap Coyote

medium

# `getWeightedPoolTokenPrice()` wrongly assumes that all of the weighted pools uses totalSupply

## Summary
`getWeightedPoolTokenPrice()` is used to calculate the Weighted Pool Token Price. However, it consistently and inaccurately relies on `totalSupply` to obtain the total supply of the pool, which may not be applicable for more recent weighted pools.

## Vulnerability Detail
Balancer pools employ distinct methodologies for determining the total supply of minted LP tokens, as detailed in the documentation.
https://docs.balancer.fi/concepts/advanced/valuing-bpt/valuing-bpt.html#getting-bpt-supply

 The documentation explicitly outlines that totalSupply is exclusively utilized for older stable and weighted pools, and its use should be approached cautiously. This is because newer pools often have pre-minted BPT, necessitating the use of getActualSupply. Contrary to the common assumption that only the new composable stable pools utilize getActualSupply, newer weighted pools also adopt and rely on this method. Several examples of newer weighted pools that leverage getActualSupply：
https://etherscan.io/address/0x9f9d900462492d4c21e9523ca95a7cd86142f298
https://etherscan.io/address/0x3ff3a210e57cfe679d9ad1e9ba6453a716c56a2e
herefore, interactions with both new and future weighted pools will be inaccurate due to the use of an incorrect total supply. This inaccuracy in poolTokenPrice calculation poses a risk to the protocol and users.
```solidity
  uint256 poolSupply_ = pool.totalSupply(); // pool decimals
            if (poolSupply_ == 0) revert Balancer_PoolSupplyInvalid(poolId, 0);

            uint256 poolInvariant_ = pool.getInvariant(); // pool decimals

```

## Impact
This inaccuracy in poolTokenPrice calculation poses a risk to the protocol and users
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus-sleepriverfish/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/BalancerPoolTokenPrice.sol#L402

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Since the protocol would want to interact with multiple weighted pools, try to check first if the weighted pool you are interacting with is a newer one and uses the getActualSupply or if it is an older one and uses totalSupply, in that way the protocol could interact with multiple pools in the long run.