Mean Metal Nightingale

medium

# `AuraBalancerSupply` retrieves the total BPT supply of Balancer pools through the `totalSupply` function, which is not correct for some types of pools

## Summary
Using the `totalSupply` function is not suitable for determining the underlying BPT balance of all Balancer pool types

## Vulnerability Detail
The current implementation of the `AuraBalancerSupply` contract retrieves the BPT supply of all Balancer pools using their `totalSupply` function. However, this is not sufficient for some pools and actually can lead to the contract returning wrong balance values. 

For the newest Weighted pools, the `totalSupply` function does not take protocol fees into account. A great example of why this can be a problem is the [jAURA wETH Pool](https://etherscan.io/address/0xDac7eF49161bdBf0e8f0B4c8e2D38DF19D972874#readContract). At the time of the writing of this report, its `totalSupply` function returns ~13.7e18, while its `getActualSupply` function returns ~14.8e18. This is approximately a 8% difference.

For the newest Stable pools (or the so called Composable Stable pools) the problem is even worse. As it can be seen in the [osETH/wETH StablePool](https://etherscan.io/address/0xdacf5fa19b1f720111609043ac67a9818262850c#readContract), its `totalSupply` function returns `type(uint211).max`, while the `getActualSupply` function returns a completely different value (which is the actual true total supply of the pool). This is because this kind of pools use preminted BPT. More information about that can be found [here](https://docs.balancer.fi/concepts/advanced/preminted-bpt.html).

```solidity
        // Get the total supply of the balancer pool
        uint256 balTotalSupply = pool.balancerPool.totalSupply();
        uint256[] memory balances = new uint256[](_vaultTokens.length);
        // Calculate the proportion of the pool balances owned by the polManager
        if (balTotalSupply != 0) {
            // Calculate the amount of OHM in the pool owned by the polManager
            // We have to iterate through the tokens array to find the index of OHM
            uint256 tokenLen = _vaultTokens.length;
            for (uint256 i; i < tokenLen; ) {
                uint256 balance = _vaultBalances[i];
                uint256 polBalance = (balance * balBalance) / balTotalSupply;

                balances[i] = polBalance;

                unchecked {
                    ++i;
                }
            }
        }
```

As it can be seen in this code snippet, the total supply of all Balancer pools is being queried through the `totalSupply` function and is then used to determine the POL balance of that pool. Considering the things mentioned above, this will not be sufficient for all pool types and will potentially lead to the contract returning wrong balance values.

## Impact
The `AuraBalancerSupply` contract may return wrong POL balance values, depending on the Balancer pools being queried. This will lead to the RBS system functioning suboptimally.

## Code Snippet
[AuraBalancerSupply.sol#L345](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/9c8df76dc9820b4c6605d2e1e6d87dcfa9e50070/bophades/src/modules/SPPLY/submodules/AuraBalancerSupply.sol#L345)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
As it is stated in the Balancer [docs](https://docs.balancer.fi/concepts/advanced/valuing-bpt/valuing-bpt.html#getting-bpt-supply), the use of the `totalSupply` function is discouraged for the newest versions of the Weighted and Stable pools. The `getActualSupply` supply should be used for those pools instead.

Since the older versions of the Balancer pools do not implement the `getActualSupply` function, the logic for querying `balTotalSupply` should be changed to first try and query the supply of the current pool through `getActualSupply` and if that fails, to then fall back to using `totalSupply`.