Shallow Canvas Tortoise

high

# Incorrect token reserve value fetched from BunniLens leading to incorrect token price calculation

## Summary
Wrong Bunni Token price was calculated because of incorrect token reserve values fetched from the BunniLens contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
**Understanding BunniLens::getReserve()**
https://github.com/ZeframLou/bunni/blob/fd65011c4e24660d0a63295cb3812c1821529842/src/BunniLens.sol#L58

This function will get reserves for the total existing liquidity in the pool between the lower and upper tick. That means this value includes not only the liquidity provided through the Bunni protocol but also directly through Uniswap or other protocols.

Eg: If 1000 liquidity was already present in Uniswap and 500 liquidity is provided through Bunni, the reserves will be calculated for the whole 1500 liquidity. But to calculate the Bunni token price we need the reserve only for per share of 500 liquidity which is provided through Bunni.

```solidity
    function getReserves(BunniKey calldata key)
        external
        view
        override
        returns (uint112 reserve0, uint112 reserve1)
    {
        (uint128 existingLiquidity, , , , ) = key.pool.positions(
            keccak256(
                abi.encodePacked(address(hub), key.tickLower, key.tickUpper)
            )
        );
        return _getReserves(key, existingLiquidity);
    }
```

## Impact
Because of incorrect token reserve values, the price of the Bunni token will be incorrect, making the functionality unusable. 
The total reserve will always be higher when compared to Bunni's reserve. So, with the current implementation, the price of the Bunni token will always be extremely high.

## Code Snippet
The line from where the `getReserve` is called.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/9c8df76dc9820b4c6605d2e1e6d87dcfa9e50070/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/BunniPrice.sol#L198

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The right function to use is `BunniLens::pricePerFullShare()`

**Understanding `BunniLens::pricePerFullShare()`**
https://github.com/ZeframLou/bunni/blob/fd65011c4e24660d0a63295cb3812c1821529842/src/BunniLens.sol#L27

This is the function that should be used to get the reserve values to calculate the price of Bunni Token.
Instead of just directly getting reserves from the total liquidity between the ticks, this function will calculate the ratio of total liquidity to Bunni's liquidity share and fetch reserve for that particular liquidity, whose values can be used in the existing price calculation logic.

The fix is to replace `getReserve()` with `pricePerFullShare()`.

```solidity
        (liquidity, , , , ) = key.pool.positions(
            keccak256(
                abi.encodePacked(address(hub), key.tickLower, key.tickUpper)
            )
        );
        // liquidity is uint128, SHARE_PRECISION uses 60 bits
        // so liquidity * SHARE_PRECISION can't overflow 256 bits
        liquidity = uint128(
            (liquidity * SHARE_PRECISION) / existingShareSupply
        );
        (amount0, amount1) = _getReserves(key, liquidity);
```


