Generous Azure Swallow

medium

# OlympusTreasury.sol#addAsset: there is lack of validating for locations.

## Summary
`OlympusTreasury.sol#addAsset` function does not perform duplicate checks on the `locations_` array.
Validating of `locations_[i] != address(this)` is not performed too.
When the same address is duplicated in the `locations_` array or `address(this)` is included in it, the balances are inflated in the `OlympusTreasury.sol#getAssetBalance` function.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `OlympusTreasury.sol#addAsset` function performs non-zero validation for `locations_` array but not duplicate validation.
On the other hand, the `OlympusTreasury.sol#addAssetLocation` function performs duplicate validation.
Also `OlympusTreasury.sol#addAsset` function does not `locations_[i]` with `address(this)`.
If the same address is duplicated in `locations_` array or `address(this)` is included in it, the balances are inflated in `OlympusTreasury.sol#getAssetBalance` function.

Example:
1. Suppose that the asset balances of `l1`, `l2` and `address(this)` are 100, 50, 200 respectively.
2. Let us assume that `locations_ = [l1, l1, l2, address(this)]`.
3. Then the result of `getAssetBalance` function is `100 * 2 + 50 + 200 * 2 = 650` instead of `100 + 50 + 200 = 350`.

## Impact
If the same address is duplicated in `locations_` array or `address(this)` is included in it, the balances are inflated in `OlympusTreasury.sol#getAssetBalance` function.
This leads to a misjudgment that there are more tokens than are actually in the treasury.

Also, if you delete duplicated location through `removeAssetLocation`, only the first one is deleted and the other one remains.
Therefore, the balance of the deleted location will continue to be included in the `OlympusTreasury.sol#getAssetBalance` and `OlympusTreasury.sol#getCategoryBalance` function results.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus-web3-master/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/TRSRY/OlympusTreasury.sol#L415-L444


## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
`OlympusTreasury.sol#addAsset` function should perform duplicate validation check of `locations_` array similar to `OlympusTreasury.sol#addAssetLocation`.
Also `OlympusTreasury.sol#addAsset` and `OlympusTreasury.sol#addAssetLocation` functions should compare the locations to add with `address(this)`.