Energetic Clay Lemur

high

# Incorrect calculation of pool token for the Balancer stable pool

## Summary

The calculation method for the price of pool tokens in the Balancer stable pool is flawed, resulting in incorrect valuations.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `getStablePoolTokenPrice` function, the price of the pool token for a Balancer stable pool is calculated using the formula: `minimumPrice * pool.getRate()`. The minimumPrice is derived by comparing the price of each token in the pool.

        uint256 minimumPrice; // outputDecimals_
        {
            /**
             * The Balancer docs do not currently state this, but a historical version noted
             * that getRate() should be multiplied by the minimum price of the tokens in the
             * pool in order to get a valuation. This is the same approach as used by Curve stable pools.
             */
            for (uint256 i; i < len; i++) {
                address token = tokens[i];
                if (token == address(0)) revert Balancer_PoolTokenInvalid(poolId, i, token);

                /**
                 * PRICE will revert if there is an issue resolving the price, or if it is 0.
                 *
                 * As the value of the pool token is reliant on the price of every underlying token,
                 * the revert from PRICE is not caught.
                 */
                (uint256 price_, ) = _PRICE().getPrice(token, PRICEv2.Variant.CURRENT); // outputDecimals_

                if (Using the incorrect poolSupply value leads to a miscalculation of the poolTokenPrice. The protocol will exchanging ohm for the assets at a wrong price. == 0) {
                    minimumPrice = price_;
                } else if (price_ < minimumPrice) {
                    minimumPrice = price_;
                }
            }
        }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/BalancerPoolTokenPrice.sol#L514-L539

However, this approach to calculating the minimum price is flawed. The constituent tokens in a stable pool may have different peg levels, and using the minimum formula without considering this variation can lead to significantly incorrect results.

        The introduction of `RateProviders` into the `StablePool` creates an obvious issue. Consider the computation of the
        minimum price (we use $P_i$ to denote the price of constituent $i$):

        $$ minPrice = min({P_0}, {P_1}, {P_2}) $$

        If the constituent tokens have `RateProviders`, then by definition they cannot be **like-kind assets**.
        Theoretically, they are all somehow pegged to the same "base asset", or else they wouldn't be included in
        a `StablePool`, but the nature of each peg can now differ. One token might be worth $1 while another is worth
        $1.50 and the third $100. If that's the case, then the minimum formula is not applicable and in fact returns a
        very wrong result.

https://github.com/balancer/docs/blob/663e2f4f2c3eee6f85805e102434629633af92a2/docs/concepts/advanced/valuing-bpt/bpt-as-collateral.md?plain=1#L44-L53

The correct approach to calculating the minimum price is to consider both the market price and the RateProvider price, normalizing them for a fair comparison:

        The constituent tokens have two different valuations: the market price (Chainlink oracles) and the pool price (from a RateProvider). The market price and the RateProvider price are usually close in value, so a division between these numbers tends to be close to 1, making the division a good candidate to normalize prices and find the minimum price. So, the minPrice (from the minPrice * pool.getRate() formula described above) would be calculated using

        $$ minPrice = min({P_{M_0} \over P_{RP_0}}, {P_{M_1} \over P_{RP_1}}, {P_{M_2} \over P_{RP_2}}, ...) $$

        Where:
        Pm:  is market price of constituent i;
        Prp: is the RateProvider price for constituent i. When no RateProvider is available, use 1e18.

https://github.com/balancer/docs/blob/663e2f4f2c3eee6f85805e102434629633af92a2/docs/concepts/advanced/valuing-bpt/bpt-as-collateral.md?plain=1#L67-L72

## Impact

The current miscalculation of `minimumPrice` leads to an inaccurate valuation of `poolTokenPrice`, resulting in the protocol potentially exchanging OHM for assets at incorrect prices.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/BalancerPoolTokenPrice.sol#L514-L539

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

Revise the calculation of the minimum price by incorporating both market prices and RateProvider prices. Example:

```diff

                (uint256 price_, ) = _PRICE().getPrice(token, PRICEv2.Variant.CURRENT); // outputDecimals_
+               price_ = price_ * 1e18 / pool.getTokenRate(token);
                if (minimumPrice == 0) {
                    minimumPrice = price_;
                } else if (price_ < minimumPrice) {
                    minimumPrice = price_;
                }
```