Dry Lemonade Hornet

medium

# getCategoryBalance returns a balance variable that is determined by balances of unrelated tokens

## Summary
The [`getCategoryBalance`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/TRSRY/OlympusTreasury.sol#L372) function inaccurately aggregates balances across multiple tokens without normalizing for token decimals. It sums token quantities directly, ignoring the varying decimal places, leading to a misrepresented total balance. The function lacks a mechanism to convert asset balances into a standardized unit of account, like USD, and it omits returning token addresses, leaving ambiguity in the balance representation.
## Vulnerability Detail
The function iterates over assets within a category, summing their balances to a single `uint256`. However, it does not adjust for each token's decimal specification, conflating 1 unit of a 6-decimal token with that of an 18-decimal token. This results in an inaccurate and non-representative aggregate balance.
```solidity
uint256 len = categoryAssets.length;
        uint256 balance;
        uint48 time;
        for (uint256 i; i < len; ) {
            (uint256 assetBalance, uint48 assetTime) = getAssetBalance(categoryAssets[i], variant_);
   
            balance += assetBalance;
  
            // Get the most outdated time
            if (i == 0) {
                time = assetTime;
            } else if (assetTime < time) {
                time = assetTime;
            }
            unchecked {
                ++i;
            }
        }
```

There are no checks on the asset's decimals, so 1 unit of a token may be accounted as less than 1 unit for another one.
There are also no normalization mechanisms - as getAssetBalance doesn't return the balance in equivalents of a common unit - such as USD - but rather return absolute-value balances.
## Impact
Due to the absence of decimal normalization, the function's return value is a skewed aggregation that misrepresents the true proportionate holdings. It portrays an unnormalized sum of tokens as a singular balance metric, potentially misleading stakeholders about the actual asset distribution and value.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/TRSRY/OlympusTreasury.sol#L372

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Introduce normalization by converting each token's balance to a common base unit, factoring in the token's decimals.