Cold Wooden Poodle

medium

# redundant validation in OlympusSupply's categorize function

## Summary
The OlympusSupply contract's `categorize` function contains redundant validation steps when verifying the existence of a mapping in `categoryData`. 
The initial equality check becomes redundant as subsequent conditions necessitate any non-zero bytes32 value to trigger a revert, rendering the initial check unnecessary.
## Vulnerability Detail
Redundancy exists in the validation process within the `categorize` function of OlympusSupply. 
The initial equality check between `existingCategorization` and `category` is redundant due to subsequent conditions. 
This redundancy impacts gas consumption efficiency within the contract without providing additional security benefits.
## Impact
The primary impact of this redundancy is an unnecessary increase in gas consumption during contract execution. 
Redundant validation processes contribute to higher gas costs, diminishing gas efficiency within the contract.
## Code Snippet
Here is the redundant check logic:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus-zach030/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/SPPLY/OlympusSupply.sol#L277-L284
```solidity
// Check if the location is already in the category, if so revert
Category existingCategorization = categorization[location_];
if (fromCategory(existingCategorization) == fromCategory(category))
    revert SPPLY_LocationAlreadyCategorized(location_, existingCategorization);

// Check if the location is already in a different category, if so revert
// @audit no need to check existingCategorization
if (fromCategory(existingCategorization) != bytes32(uint256(0)))
    revert SPPLY_LocationAlreadyCategorized(location_, existingCategorization);
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Eliminate redundant checks, such as the unnecessary equality comparison, to optimize gas usage during contract execution. Simplifying validation logic will enhance gas cost-effectiveness while maintaining the necessary security measures.