Cold Wooden Poodle

medium

# unused variable Impacting gas efficiency in BunniSupply's removeBunniToken function

## Summary
In the BunniSupply contract, the `removeBunniToken` function loops through the `bunniTokens` array to remove a specific token. 
However, the variable `bunniTokenIndex` is set within the function to determine the index of the element to remove but is not utilized anywhere in the contract. 
For gas optimization purposes, removing this unused variable can enhance gas efficiency within the function.
## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability resides in the unused variable `bunniTokenIndex` within the `removeBunniToken` function of BunniSupply. 
This variable is assigned the index of the element to be removed from the `bunniTokens` array but is never utilized within the contract. 
Its presence adds unnecessary computation and storage, contributing to gas inefficiency within the function without providing any functional value.
## Impact
The presence of an unused variable, `bunniTokenIndex`, within the `removeBunniToken` function results in increased gas consumption during contract execution. 
While not directly impacting security, this redundancy adds to gas costs without contributing to the function's intended logic, impacting the contract's overall gas efficiency.
## Code Snippet
Here is the remove function:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus-zach030/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/SPPLY/submodules/BunniSupply.sol#L357-L372
```solidity
uint256 len = bunniTokens.length;
// @audit useless variable bunniTokenIndex
uint256 bunniTokenIndex = type(uint256).max;
// Remove the token first
for (uint256 i; i < len; ) {
    address tokenAddress = address(bunniTokens[i].token);
    if (token_ == tokenAddress) {
        bunniTokens[i] = bunniTokens[len - 1];
        bunniTokens.pop();
        bunniTokenIndex = i;
        break;
    }

    unchecked {
        ++i;
    }
}
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
remove unused variable `bunniTokenIndex` in `removeBunniToken` function