Plain Chiffon Peacock

medium

# Smart Contract Price Update Vulnerability

## Summary
This vulnerability pertains to a smart contract function `getPrice`, which retrieves the price of an asset. The flaw lies in the absence of a check for the age of the price data, potentially leading to the use of stale pricing information.

## Vulnerability Detail
The original code utilizes the last known price if it matches the current timestamp. However, there is no validation to ensure the freshness of this price data. This means that if the last price update occurred long ago but no newer updates have taken place, the old price is still considered valid. This can happen even if the last price was set in a much earlier block, as long as the timestamp matches the current block.

## Impact
This vulnerability could result in the use of outdated price information, potentially leading to incorrect financial calculations and decisions within the smart contract ecosystem. It poses a significant risk in scenarios where accurate and up-to-date pricing is crucial.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus-BradMoonUESTC/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/OlympusPrice.v2.sol#L71-L80
```solidity
function getPrice(address asset_) external view override returns (uint256) {
    (uint256 price, uint48 timestamp) = getPrice(asset_, Variant.LAST);
    if (timestamp == uint48(block.timestamp)) return price;

    (price, ) = _getCurrentPrice(asset_);
    return price;
}
```

## Tool Used
Metatrust's Metascan Experimental Engine For Logic bugs Automated detection
(metatrust.io)
This issue a test for proving our capability

## Recommendation
To mitigate this issue, it's recommended to introduce a `stalePriceDuration` parameter. This parameter should define an acceptable duration for the age of the price data. The code should include a check to ensure that the last price is not older than this duration, adding an additional layer of validation to prevent the use of stale prices.