Upbeat Coffee Robin

medium

# PRICE module AddAsset doesn't properly detect faulty configurations

## Summary
PRICE module AddAsset does not properly check for submodule configuration errors. This may cause assets to be added with faulty feeds that never report a price and compromise price accuracy.

## Vulnerability Detail
the AddAsset function calls [_getCurrentPrice(asset_)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/9c8df76dc9820b4c6605d2e1e6d87dcfa9e50070/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/OlympusPrice.v2.sol#L404); at the end, to validate the asset configuration. However  _getCurrentPrice [submodule calls](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/9c8df76dc9820b4c6605d2e1e6d87dcfa9e50070/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/OlympusPrice.v2.sol#L148) are made using staticcall and do not revert when a single submodule reverts. This means that if a feed configuration error exists (such as using a stable pool with the getWeightedPoolTokenPrice selector in the BalancerPoolTokenPrice module), it will not be detected and the asset will be added with a disfunctional feed.

## Impact
Price reporting may be significantly less accurate and less resilient. For example: Assets using getAveragePriceIfDeviation where a "main" more accurate feed is used and a less accurate feed is added for averaging only in case of deviation, if the first feed is misconfigured the asset will be added but will rely solely on the less accurate feed for pricing. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/9c8df76dc9820b4c6605d2e1e6d87dcfa9e50070/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/OlympusPrice.v2.sol#L404

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/9c8df76dc9820b4c6605d2e1e6d87dcfa9e50070/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/OlympusPrice.v2.sol#L148


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a flag to _getCurrentPrice that will be used only when testing configuration and will cause the function to revert if any submodule call fails.