Generous Azure Swallow

medium

# The check for deviation in Deviation.sol is not valid.

## Summary
We say that we check deviation between `v0` and `v1`. We assume that `v0` is fixed. Then the range of `v1` which is not deviated is `[v0 - a, v0 + b]`, and `b > a`, this is biased to large value.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `Deviation.sol#isDeviatingWithBpsCheck -> isDeviating()` function which checks for deviation is as follow.
```solidity
    function isDeviating(
        uint256 value0_,
        uint256 value1_,
        uint256 deviationBps_,
        uint256 deviationMax_
    ) internal pure returns (bool) {
        return
            (value0_ < value1_)
                ? _isDeviating(value1_, value0_, deviationBps_, deviationMax_)
                : _isDeviating(value0_, value1_, deviationBps_, deviationMax_);
    }
```

The `_isDeviating()` function is as follow.
```solidity
    function _isDeviating(
        uint256 value0_,
        uint256 value1_,
        uint256 deviationBps_,
        uint256 deviationMax_
    ) internal pure returns (bool) {
        return ((value0_ - value1_) * deviationMax_) / value0_ > deviationBps_;
    }
```

Let us fix `value0_` and assume that the interval of `value1_` which is not deviated is [value0_ - a, value0_ + b].

`a = value0_ * deviationBps_ / deviationMax_`
`b = value0_ * deviationBps_ / (deviationMax_ - deviationBps_)`
So `b` is always larger than `a`. The `value1_` is one-sided to larger value.
The larger `deviationBps_ / deviationMax_` is, the more the `value1_` is one-sided. 

For example, in the `BunniPrice.sol#_validateReserves()` function, when the deviation between `TWAP Ratio` and `Reserve Ratio` is checked, this error will be occured.

## Impact
Unstablity of `Bunni Token` price can be enlarged because of the invalid deviation check.
i.e. The `reserve ratio` can be too larger than `twap token ratio`.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus-web3-master/blob/main/bophades/src/libraries/Deviation.sol#L23-L33

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
In the `Deviation.sol`, the `basic value` should be determined in two `values` and the check between the difference ratio divided by the `basic value` and  `deviationBps` should be applied.