Dry Lemonade Hornet

medium

# getBunniTokenPrice calculates a bunniToken price based on instant held reserves at a certain tick range

## Summary
getBunniTokenPrice calculates the bunniTokenPrice by first figuring the reserve of each of the pool's tokens at an UniV3 position then multiplying that by the respective tokenPrice to compute the total value. 
The issue with that is the tokenPrice returned can be manipulated in a single transaction as uniswap and bunni positions allow flashloans. 

## Vulnerability Detail
If we consider a bunniToken the equivalent of a liquidity pool, but restricted to certain tick ranges, then the same principles for reserves and price calculation of UniV2 pools should apply.
This means the utilization of the common price calculation method is prone to manipulation - as already recognized by the team at the UniV2 PRICE submodule:

lpTokenPrice = priceToken0 * amountToken0 + priceToken1 * amountToken1 / lpTokensSupply



_______________________
Inside getBunniTokenPrice, getBunniReserves is called and at this code block, lens' getReserves returns the total amount of tokens held inside the tick range of the bunniToken pool
```solidity
(uint112 reserve0_, uint112 reserve1_) = lens_.getReserves(key);
```

The reserves are then multiplied by the token's price and summed to the totalValue variable:
```solidity
 uint256 totalValue;
        totalValue += _PRICE().getPrice(token0).mulDiv(reserve0, outputScale);
        totalValue += _PRICE().getPrice(token1).mulDiv(reserve1, outputScale);
        
        return totalValue;
```

_____________________

This means a contract can call getBunniTokenPrice more than once and yield different values each of the times provided it changes the reserve held balances. By supplying and removing liquidity to bunni pools in a single transaction, price can effectively be manipulated.

Even though the team has implemented validateReserves to ensure the returned pool reserves are within certain bounds compared to the pool's TWAP, the unit tests always call getBunniTokenPrice with 100% as an acceptable MAX_DEVIATION, which is more than enough range to enable price-manipulation attacks. 

## Impact
The calculated bunni token price can be manipulated.

## Code Snippet
[2023-11-olympus/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/BunniPrice.sol at main · sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus (github.com)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/BunniPrice.sol#L110)
[2023-11-olympus/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/BunniPrice.sol at main · sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus (github.com)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/BunniPrice.sol#L215)
[2023-11-olympus/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/BunniPrice.sol at main · sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus (github.com)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/BunniPrice.sol#L242)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Make sure the fair lp token pricing mechanics implemented at the UNIV2 PRICE submodule are also implemented at the BunniPrice submodule.