High Mercurial Millipede

high

# Bunni Reserves Differ From Twap Reserves When Tick Range is Not Full Range

## Summary

Bunni Tokens can have any `tickUpper` and `tickLower`. Most Bunni Tokens do not have a tick range where `tickLower` is the uniswap min tick and `tickUpper` is the uniswap max tick. When the range is not full-range, the reserves for the BunniToken are different from the exchange rate of the underlying tokens, which causes the `isDeviatingWithBps` check to incorrectly revert (or succeed).

## Vulnerability Detail

Each Bunni Token has a unique key based on the `pool`, `tickLower` and `tickUpper`

The reserve ratio only reflects the exchange rate of the tokens when the `tickLower` and `tickUpper` correspond to the `min` and `max `tick of the Uniswap pool. However, the BunniToken is an ERC20 token which could have any `tickLower` and `tickUpper`. 

Here you can see that the return value from line `(uint112 reserve0_, uint112 reserve1_) = lens_.getReserves(key);` in `_getBunniReserves` differs based on the BunniToken's `tickLower` and. `tickUpper`:

https://github.com/ZeframLou/bunni/blob/fd65011c4e24660d0a63295cb3812c1821529842/src/BunniLens.sol#L86-L87

There is no check or enforcement that the BunniToken represents a full range position. The problem is that the function that checks that the TWAP ratio, which is the exchange rate as defined as the TWAP differs from the Bunni Reserve ratio. In non full-range positions. The Bunni token ratio does not necessarily reflect the exchange rate represented by that pool. Therefore, the `isDeviatingWithBpsCheck` could fail even though the current uniswap pool price is close to the TWAP, and is meant to pass.

## Impact

`isDeviatingWithBpsCheck` could constantly fail even when TWAP does not deviate heavily from current price resulting in a permanant DOS for `getBunniTokenPrice`

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-olympus/blob/main/bophades/src/modules/PRICE/submodules/feeds/BunniPrice.sol#L255-L262

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The fix is simple. Get the pool underlying the BunniToken with `_getBunniKey().pool`, and then check if the reserve ratio if the underlying pool, rather than the token itself, deviates heavily from the TWAP